8-13-2015

**** TO BE ASKED EVERY WEEK ****

What did you learn this week?

* 'content: url()' has MUCH less support than the 'background' property across browsers
* technical interviews are nerve wracking
* I have a LONG way to go, but I'll get there (this will be the last time this answer appears, as it will always be true)

---
## General Question 
selected at random in irb 
```
2.1.1 :002 > rand(19)
 => 12
```

Name 3 ways to decrease page load (perceived or actual load time).

### My answer

minify assets, optimize images, use ajax to 'preload' content

## After research
As per http://www.bizreport.com/2011/03/top-3-ways-to-decrease-page-load-times.html (first hit on google - from 2011)
  * First, optimize, optimize, optimize. Check the types of images you are using on-site and ensure the file format is appropriate. 
  * Second, minimize HTTP requests. Rather than forcing your site to request multiple files for images, content or ads, combine some pages.
  * Finally, resize elements before they are uploaded into the HTML.

As per http://www.raymondcamden.com/2015/04/10/front-end-interview-questions-part-5 
  * Minimize images
  * Minimize and combine JavaScript files
  * Minimize, combine, and “prune” CSS files


  I was actually pretty close on this. Where I would have gotten into trouble is if the interviewer had followed up on my third solution. I could not adequately describe _how_ to preload content. This is something I will look further into. 
  

---
## Coding Question

```
var foo = 10 + '20'
```

What is the value of foo?

### My Answer
initial answer would be undefined, as you can't add a string to a number. Will brb after checking console...

### Correct answer

"1020"


Wrong! Damn it. Also, just ran it reverse and the result was '2010'. Now I remember...what could not be done is `var foo = 10 + 'bar'` Wrong again! Checking the console, that code is coerced into a string. Definitely need to remember this.




















